Looks like the contract is signed
So happy
Thank you for getting off Mr. Li's bed
As expected of my sister-in-law
It's a good way to serve men
They still don't know that An Yingni has been exposed
So I can take the opportunity to rescue some more poison
What contract to sign
Pardon me?
Supreme is our old partner
How could you have messed up such an important thing?
Didn't you read the hot search?
Supreme has been seized.
Seized Fashion Seized
Just started
Yes very fearless
This holy group has really been seized
It is said to be suspected of illegal transactions
Well, anyway.
This is all your fault.
Just because you're the CEO
I don't know your sin
It's my fault too
Already knew
IQ is not a reliable partner
This is Jon Shangpin's contract list
This is more reliable than IQ
Jon Shangpin belongs to Joe's, the richest man in the country
You lie and don't look for the horizon
See what level you are at
This is George's official seal
Or something at headquarters?
It's just a fake official seal put on
Do you really believe
Humph
This bumpkin can still reach the bridge city
Littering other people's things
You're not afraid I'll fire you?
expel
Today, the group is going to airborne an inspector general
That belongs to the board of directors
You messed up the peace-first project.
I think it's you who can't protect yourself
You dare to forge a contract
As soon as the new director arrives
See the board disdains to take your position
Who dares to forge a contract under my nose